here are his parents by chance shows
32nd place at the right time
the output of women that men are ideally shot this is a story that
hard it is this type is suitable for style
during this month
as a whole comments death announced a fashionable site these guys
who are not stable electric comedy what are we going to launch the
equipment
one should understand
candle in hand and approach
without moving it is a question of balance but here it is necessary that
it hinders the center of gravity
when you found it all right then you're here because you have
participated in the big party in nara
it was just now so how did it go
mitterrand it was a beautiful party
tl test and if the successes
what is important is that they are happy
we let him believe yes and he did not look disappointed but coming out of
scene they looked more
all night as boys
frankly it was pretty upsetting
yes it was a very beautiful moment I take a designer I think of
ask the shortcomings of the senate proposed that one can discover everything
immediately smaller images
the center that did not show up
his drawings with chalk
state street associates
it had to be
it had to be part of
he does some good scenes
how is it going for the better
the German manufacturer
we will start with fear of a repetition
most of us I think
we all know the meeting more or less work with him
and so it's German selection with
a net
porsche is a clear indication of his invitation to come back
rehearsals before
the slowdown for 30 years
we end up like this in a party
we look at things differently when we do our concert tonight
I hope now
that is to say, how do you feel merritt
I think we have France we feel
the manager
we want the person
in fact be accepted is happy
so yes I had more trains than usual it is he is responsible
from his own concert
it's more stressful because you're not in your repertoire necessarily
and we leave a little like a tightrope walker
we appreciate
over a year they will spin it still has the jitters still that this job I think but
I let it add because we are
in another element is in dress not disappoint the person who has avoided us
empathy
and for my case to sing with
several people like a lego morano with
but it's something out there and so troy has all the trouble to
me in any case it is the case I go freak you there are not at the end of a
moment it is necessary to speak about it is not too much his shot
note that he promised mountains and deserts in any case one of these images
of the city now by cons I think we will be able to keep it
together
that is the meaning of the history of the worlds
still a little bit my text anyway
I say goodbye anyway read my text more than right the news
songs
now official of the game frankly I did not know by heart I
tried i try to take it but fault declared half forgiven
then because we know it but we will say that you know Roya treatment well
reserved for sponsors réjean savard olivier besancenot
I have always been
the more you became
left health
with a pool
my russian mother and a father of my husband excess
and it is by my husband this husband who is the father of my daughter that I had
place
the happiness of meeting him stommelen
and to others it will be that or I will say it clicked right away
the film wrote wonders I was spoiled and we know it
we have become the most that employees really detained
friends
so what do you like about him?
pardon what do you like about him at mclaren
but all is well all this is a concert
the explorers of music
what is a love is a lover of
of musical research he likes beautiful texts
realize them
leasing and illegal financing
he is a complete man
he is a man he has a great voice
in South Kivu at its origin
that's what I notice first when he's going to bring me the model for
my first album
he has a super thin voice
humanly that is not possible whereas I like it much more than
other